# Description of folder DouBanDatasets_RedundancyCut:
## Description of folder name
We apply the Shapiro–Wilk Test method to analyze the normality in the frequency statistical test of the datasets.       Since the original dataset consists of a large proportion of workers who have only annotated a few tasks, it does not meetthe detection conditions of the Shapiro-Wilk test algorithm.        Hence,workers with fewer than 5 total label tasks are removed from the dataset DouBanDatasets/Douban_202t_269266w.       Therefore, we obtain a new dataset, where the number of label tasks for each worker is greater than 5, satisfying the detection requirements.        This dataset is Douban_7271w_0%.

Next, we process the resulting dataset Douban_7271w_0% and get ten datasets.
the Shapiro-Wilk test is conducted for all label results of each worker,and the corresponding 𝑤 value for each worker is calculated.             The 𝑤 values are sorted in ascending order, and datasets are generated by continuously excluding workers with small 𝑤 values, at a 5% scale, leading to ten datasets.              For example, Douban_6906w_5% dataset means sort in ascending order of w values, excluding those achieved by the top 5% of the smallest workers.          Similarly, Douban_6543w_10% represents the values sorted in ascending order of w, excluding the top 10% of workers.
Through this rule, we extract and sort out ten datasets from the original dataset Douban_7271w_0%, which have not been modified except the data size.

## Folder data source
The dataset Douban_7271w_0% is extracted and collated from the dataset DouBanDatasets/Douban_202t_269266w. The ten data sets of Douban_6906w_5%~Douban_6906w_50% are obtained from the Douban_7271w_0% data set by continuously excluding the people with the lowest w value in proportion.

## The use of this data set file in the experiment
This Dataset was used in the experimental Analysis of Dataset Anomalies, figure: "Comparison of the Same Metric Changes across
Different Datasets" represent the results of this experiment.

